How the heck did it end up like this?
Why weren't we able
to grate this cheese into a fine mist
to put on the table
I wish we had better cheeseto use for flavor
Shopping should be simple, a breezeso do me a favor
Something small
Just as long as you knowwhat kinds to buy
Someday, somehowI'll go out and shop but not right now
Just get me the perfect Parmesan(Parmigiano Reggiano)
Just get me the perfect Parmesan
Well I'd hope that since you're there anyway
It wouldn't be a bother
Today is your planned shopping day
you always go with your daughter
[The] store is really not far away
you'll be back before lunchtime
Now there's really not much to say
Go it's crunch-time
Something small
Just as long as you knowwhat kind to buy
Just get me the perfect Parmesan(Parmigiano Reggiano)
Someday, somehowI'll go out and shop but not right now
Just get me the perfect Parmesan